[F#] Add Basics exercise (#901)
exercism/v3: languages/fsharp/exercises/concept/values/.docs/introduction.md

In F#, assigning a value to a name is referred to as a _binding_. Bindings are immutable, which makes them similar to constants in other languages. As F# is a statically-typed language, each binding has a type.

> Bindings are defined using the `let` keyword. Specifying a binding's type is optional for most bindings, as F#'s _type inference_ can usually infer the type based on their value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bindings are defined using the `let` keyword. Specifying a binding's type is optional for most bindings, as F#'s _type inference_ can usually infer the type based on their value. A binding looks like this:
```

```fsharp
let fingers = 10
```

> Functions are also regular bindings, but with one or more parameters, which are separated by spaces. A function automatically returns its last expression. Type inference also works for most functions, by analyzing what values the function is called with and what value the function returns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Functions are also regular bindings, but with one or more parameters, which are separated by spaces. A function automatically returns its last expression. Type inference also works for most functions, by analyzing what values the function is called with and what value the function returns. A simple function looks like this:
```

> In F#, a _value_ is everything that has a type and can be defined. That includes booleans, integers and lists, but also functions. An integer value is defined as one or more (consecutive) digits and it supports the default mathetical operators.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In F#, a _value_ is everything that has a type and can be defined. That includes booleans, integers and lists, and also functions. Integer values are defined as one or more (consecutive) digits and support the default mathematical operators.
```

Associating a name with a value is referred to as a _binding_. A binding is defined using the `let` keyword. Function bindings are regular bindings, but with one or more parameters, which are separated by spaces. Invoking a function is done by specifying its name and passing arguments for each of the function's parameters, again separated by spaces.

A key aspect of bindings is that they're immutable. This means that once a binding has been defined, its value can never change. As a consequence, a new binding has to be defined for changing values.

> Specifing the type of a binding is optional. If no type is specified for a binding, the F# compiler will use _type inference_ to try to automatically infer the type of the binding. It will do this based on the value of the binding. For functions, the type is inferred by analyzing what values the function is called with and what value the function returns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead of having "variables" or "constants", associating a name with a value is called a _binding_ in F#. A binding is defined using the `let` keyword. Bindings are immutable. This means that once a binding has been defined, its value can never change. As a consequence, a new binding must be defined for changing values.

Function bindings are the same as regular bindings, except that they have one or more parameters, which are separated by spaces. You can invoke a function by specifying its name and passing arguments for each of the function's parameters, again separated by spaces.

Specifying the type of a binding is optional. If no type is specified for a binding, the F# compiler will use _type inference_ to try to automatically infer the type of the binding. It will do this based on the value of the binding. For functions, the type is inferred by analyzing what values the function is called with and what value the function returns.
```

I've just reordered this slightly to make it flow a little more as I read it.

> F# uses significant whitespace to define scope. This means that scope is defined by indenting the code with spaces, relative to the line declaring the binding. The default convention is to use four spaces for indentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

I've moved this above now.
